# BUIDL by Gaia Protocol

NFTChatRoom.com was BUIDLed(BUIDL is a warping of the word 'build' in the same
fashion as 'HODL.') by the Gaia Protocol team. The platform has been developed
in alignment with Gaia Protocol's core values of openness, privacy, contribution
measurement, and rewards. As we continue to advance and innovate, we are
committed to upholding these foundational values without compromise.

## What is Gaia Protocol

Gaia Protocol is a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization) established to
respond to the pervasive crises of our digital society. We are probing into the
issues widely recognized as the major threats of modern digital society, namely
openness, privacy protection, and fair measurement and reward systems, from
multiple angles.

Our digital society is now facing an unavoidable crisis. The rapid development
of artificial intelligence technology is accelerating these problems. The
invasion of personal information has now become a part of daily life, and users
are losing their vigilance against these issues. Additionally, there is a
persistent lack of fair contribution measurement and rewards within
organizations.

Meanwhile, in contemporary capitalist societies, the imbalance of capital is
deepening. The affluent continue to accumulate wealth, while the impoverished
face increasingly challenging circumstances. This inequality is reflected in the
digital world and is expected to intensify in a future where AI technology is
replacing jobs.

Gaia Protocol advocates change based on this problem awareness. However, this
does not propose communism. Instead, it emphasizes the measurement of fair
contribution within the digital space and the establishment of a suitable reward
system, suggesting a direction to ameliorate social inequality. This approach
aims to create a digital society where everyone can participate and be rewarded
fairly.

In this way, the goal of Gaia Protocol is to resolve the crises of the digital
society and develop human-centered foundational technologies that the big tech
industry does not focus on. In line with the vision of the early web, all
information should be transparently disclosed, which must be done while ensuring
individual privacy and building a fair contribution measurement and reward
system. Our efforts will be the first step towards fairness, openness, and
privacy protection in the digital world.

## Connect with Gaia Protocol

- Twitter: https://twitter.com/Gaia_Protocol
- Discord: https://discord.gg/gaiaprotocol
- Telegram: https://t.me/gaiaprotocol
- GitHub: https://github.com/gaiaprotocol
