# NFTChatRoom.com is Fully Open-Sourced!

- Source Code: https://github.com/gaiaprotocol/nftchatroom

At Gaia Protocol, our commitment extends beyond building cutting-edge platforms.
We ardently believe in the power and philosophy of open source, a conviction
that is evident in the very fabric of NFTChatRoom.com. Open source is not just a
development model for us; it's a way of life, a collaborative effort that
celebrates transparency, community involvement, and shared growth.

## Why Open Source?

Open source software fosters innovation at an unmatched pace. By giving every
individual the freedom to view, modify, and distribute the source code, we
ensure that the community remains at the forefront of technological evolution.
In essence, open source allows for collective intelligence to shape, refine, and
enhance the tech solutions we create.

## NFTChatRoom.com: A Testament to Our Open Source Commitment

We proudly announce that NFTChatRoom.com is open source, a clear reflection of
our dedication to communal progress and collaborative software development. By
making this platform open source, we invite developers, enthusiasts, and
collectors alike to join us in our journey, contribute their ideas, and aid in
the continuous improvement of the platform.

Furthermore, as NFTs reshape the digital art and collection realm, ensuring an
open-source foundation for platforms like NFTChatRoom.com becomes essential. It
guarantees that the community remains the central stakeholder, making decisions
that truly resonate with the needs and aspirations of its members.

## Gaia Protocol ❤️ Open Source

Our love for open source is deeply rooted in the philosophy of Gaia Protocol. We
don't just use open source; we live and breathe it. Our aim is to empower
communities, promote transparency, and drive innovation – all while remaining
anchored to the ideals of open collaboration.

For those who share our passion, we invite you to delve into the source code of
NFTChatRoom.com. Let's come together, pool our expertise, and further the
mission of building platforms that are for the community, by the community.

Openness breeds innovation. Let's continue to create, collaborate, and celebrate
the open source spirit together!
